Each process will have different memory requirements

  How do I deal with this?

    I want to somehow use the process ID in the memory address so that I
      can easily ensure that the process has ownership over the memory

    Larger process IDs mean less reserved memory

    Smaller process IDs mean more reserved memory

    This is for static memory, not dynamic (aka heap)


    This does leak the virtual memory location of processes,
      but I don't know how this is advantageous


    How to keep track of process IDs?

      Keep a variable in memory that increments with every allocated process


    What happens when a process ends?

      This memory location becomes freed, I need to try to use it
        How do I tell the OS that that specific area is free?

          I could keep a list, but this list could become very long

          I could move other processes up, but what if they can't fit?
            also, it would take cycles to transfer memory

          Can I utilize pointers somehow?
            Maybe process IDs are pointer addresses, and the value the pointer
              points to is a memory location?

                This allows the security of using process IDs as memory address

                  How do I keep track of free memory locations?

                    Each page table has a table descriptor, can I utilize this
                      to keep track of how much memory it has free?

                        If I can, then I can use this to iterate through table
                          entries to try and find a memory slot

  How do I allocate heap?

    It would be too difficult to try and find a large enough free memory location
      at the location the process ID points to

    I'll just have to accept the requested address and use the page table header
      to verify that the process owns the memory location

    How do I keep track of free memory locations this way?

      Each process will have to have a record of all allocated heap memory
        preferably, this record will also store information about how much memory
        it has free.

        Side note: How does the OS come up with the specific memory address?
          Not the page table, but the addresses in the page table?
